Project objectives
# Project Background/Client requirements

In this project, we are required to make an upgrade to the client application; so that the client can be able to bring together data collected from all their stores, identify trends and produce insights in a timely manner; which will all help them to decide how to target new and returning customer.

The Plan/Ultimate Solution

We will build an ETL (Extract, Transform, Load) pipeline to handle all transaction data for the business. This pipeline will collect all the transaction data generated by each individual café, transforn the data while removing sesitive information, and then load it into the database. By being able to easily query the company's data
as a whole, the client will drastically increase their ability to identify company-wide trends and insights.

The solution has been made, Our ETL pipeline runs smoothly, has been unit tested and meets all the ticket requirements generated.

 To make the solution more efficient and offer a better service to customers at the same time, We wish we could have the following in the dataset;
- refunds cancellation
- other payment options (voucher, cryptocurrencies, cheques).

# Client requirements for Sprint 2 - Move To Cloud (AWS & Lambda)
Setup AWS Lambda that will deploy and run without being plugged into the data flow
We'll be using CloudFormation (after session on Thursday)
Hook lambda up to S3 and Redshift

Weve been able to;
- Setup AWS Lambda that will deploy and run without being plugged into the data flow.
- Connect Lambda up to S3. 
- Created bash scripts to run Yaml files for Cloudformation
